Overall, I had a good time working on this project. I learned a lot about SQL and how to use it to create efficient queries. I also learned a lot about how to use Flask and how to create a web app. There were various considerations that were challenging, such as the use of prepared statements for the delete query and the use of indexes to improve query performance. Also, thinking of relevant reports was interesting, to see what would be useful to the user. I had a lot of fun working on this project and I learned a lot from it. 
For Stage 1, I learned how to use SQLAlchemy, SQLite, Flask, and Jinja2 to create a web app. It was good to get exposure to these technologies and to see how they work together, especially because they are relevant in industry. For Stage 2, I had to think about how to come up with a relevant topic, and I chose this books and authors, but I first needed to come up with my own data to work with. I also had to think about how to create a good database schema, and I chose this books and authors, but I first needed to come up with my own data to work with, so I had to think of things like foreign keys and fields. I also had to think about what the design would be and how I wanted my user to interact with the data. For Stage 3, I was able to implement more advanced features, such as ORM and prepared statements, as well as create indexes to improve query performance. 
In the future, I will probably add more tables to make this a more comprehensive web app. I would add customers and products to make this a functional marketplace, as opposed to just an author and book database. I would also add more features to the reports, such as a report that shows the number of books by genre, or the number of books by author. I would also add more features to the user interface, such as a more intuitive way to interact with the data that could use more advanced features like a search bar. 